## Does Application Gateway support static IP?
Yes, the Application Gateway v2 SKU supports static public IP addresses and static internal IPs. The v1 SKU supports static internal IPs.

## Can I deploy more than one Application Gateway resource to a single subnet?
Yes. In addition to multiple instances of a given Application Gateway deployment, you can provision another unique Application Gateway resource to an existing subnet that contains a different Application Gateway resource.

A single subnet can't support both v2 and v1 Application Gateway SKUs.

## Can Application Gateway communicate with instances outside of its virtual network or outside of its subscription?
As long as you have IP connectivity, Application Gateway can communicate with instances outside of the virtual network that it's in. Application Gateway can also communicate with instances outside of the subscription it's in. If you plan to use internal IPs as backend pool members, use virtual network peering or Azure VPN Gateway.

## Can I deploy anything else in the application gateway subnet?
No. But you can deploy other application gateways in the subnet.

## How does Application Gateway support high availability and scalability?
The Application Gateway v1 SKU supports high-availability scenarios when you've deployed two or more instances. Azure distributes these instances across update and fault domains to ensure that instances don't all fail at the same time. The v1 SKU supports scalability by adding multiple instances of the same gateway to share the load.

The v2 SKU automatically ensures that new instances are spread across fault domains and update domains. If you choose zone redundancy, the newest instances are also spread across availability zones to offer zonal failure resiliency.

## How do I achieve a DR scenario across datacenters by using Application Gateway?
Use Traffic Manager to distribute traffic across multiple application gateways in different datacenters.

## Does Application Gateway support autoscaling?
Yes, the Application Gateway v2 SKU supports autoscaling. For more information, see Autoscaling and Zone-redundant Application Gateway.

## Does Application Gateway support autoscaling?
Yes, the Application Gateway v2 SKU supports autoscaling. For more information, see Autoscaling and Zone-redundant Application Gateway.

## Can Application Gateway communicate with instances outside of its virtual network or outside of its subscription?
As long as you have IP connectivity, Application Gateway can communicate with instances outside of the virtual network that it's in. Application Gateway can also communicate with instances outside of the subscription it's in. If you plan to use internal IPs as backend pool members, use virtual network peering or Azure VPN Gateway.

## Can I deploy anything else in the application gateway subnet?
No. But you can deploy other application gateways in the subnet.

## Can I simultaneously use Application Gateway for both external and internal traffic?
Yes. Application Gateway supports one internal IP and one external IP per application gate

## Does Application Gateway support virtual network peering?
Yes. Virtual network peering helps load-balance traffic in other virtual networks.

## Can I talk to on-premises servers when they're connected by ExpressRoute or VPN tunnels?
Yes, as long as traffic is allowed.

## How can I stop and start Azure Application Gateway?
You can use Azure PowerShell or the Azure CLI to stop and start Azure Application Gateway. When you stop and start Application Gateway, billing also stops and starts.
```bash
# Stop an existing Azure Application Gateway instance
az network application-gateway stop -g MyResourceGroup -n MyAppGateway

# Start an existing Azure Application Gateway instance
az network application-gateway start -g MyResourceGroup -n MyAppGateway
```

## Can a single ingress controller instance manage multiple Application Gateways?
Currently, one instance of Ingress Controller can only be associated to one Application Gateway.

## Can I connect my AKS cluster and Application Gateway in separate virtual networks?
Yes, as long as the virtual networks are peered and they don't have overlapping address spaces. If you're running AKS with kubenet, then be sure to associate the route table generated by AKS to the Application Gateway subnet.

## Multi-cluster / Shared Application Gateway
By default AGIC assumes full ownership of the Application Gateway it is linked to. AGIC version 0.8.0 and later can share a single Application Gateway with other Azure components. For instance, we could use the same Application Gateway for an app hosted on Virtual Machine Scale Set as well as an AKS cluster.